# Introduction

For the Design of Inclusive Conferences and Learning Gatherings...

Glen Coulthard, member of the Yellowknives Dene First Nation and associate professor in the First Nations and Indigenous Studies Program and the Departments of Political Science here at UBC writes, “Place is a way of knowing, experiencing, and relating with the world” (“Place Against Empire” 80). Place, says Coulthard, is the reference point for Indigenous Knowledge and meaning. It is in place that all autonomous beings are interconnected in an ongoing process of obligation and reciprocity, humans’ obligations to other people as well as the environment, the animals, plants, water and land, and the environment’s reciprocal obligations to humans. It is with this understanding of place and reciprocity that we co-developed the following Community Agreement for Inclusivity for designers of learning events, conferences, seminars, congresses, etc. 

The guidelines within this Agreement are a reflection of the already diverse and interconnected community of scholars, staff, and students at UBC. They have been designed in recognition that there are people and groups that encounter structural barriers to their full participation in the making and sharing of knowledge that is at the foundations of the university community. We have not designed the guidelines in order to pass judgement or prescribe a set of boxes that must be checked in order to meet a set of standards. Instead, these guidelines are pathways to cultivating relationships and fostering a community in which all peoples and contributions are valued and honoured. The work that the guidelines reflect is open-ended and recursive. It is an ongoing process and there is no expectation that everyone will find all situations completely accessible at all times. Developing the guidelines themselves included the contributions of people and groups that might not already be centered in the current planning of conferences and other events and learning gatherings. We encourage each department/learning community at UBC to make these guidelines their own.

## Who We Are

Under the direction of the Senior Advisor to the Provost on Women and Gender-Diverse Faculty, a committee representing a cross-section of faculty, staff, and graduate students from University of British Columbia, Okanagan campus (UBCO), and University of British Columbia, Vancouver campus (UBCV) has been assembled (names are listed below). We bring a diversity of backgrounds, identities, and experiences. We are committed to the work of creating the structures necessary to ensure that conferences (including panels and lecture series) and other types of learning gatherings held on campus or organized by UBC community members, are equitable, diverse, strength based, and inclusive. As knowledge itself (knowledge production and sharing) is at the core of the University’s purpose, our goal is to create a community agreement with specific goals and actions for inclusive conference planning and design.

## Commitments

The University of British Columbia is an institution of learning in two interconnected and interdependent ways. First, we are a community in which people from all parts of the world, and from many different backgrounds, come to live and learn together at UBC on the traditional, ancestral and unceded lands of the Musqueam people, Vancouver campus, and the Syilx people of the Okanagan Nation, Kelowna campus [1](https://native-land.ca). Second, we are also dedicated to continuous and active institutional learning exchange about systemic inequality and the insidious, sometimes intangible, dynamics of privilege and oppression. We aspire to be an open, expansive, and expanding learning community.

The University of British Columbia is committed to recognizing and honouring the historical and ongoing contributions of equity-deserving groups who have been historically, persistently, or systemically marginalized at the intersections of race, religion, gender, sexuality, class, and disability. As a first step on the long, collective path towards intersectional social justice, we declare solidarity with equity-deserving groups and communities. 

## Who are equity-deserving groups?

Equity-deserving groups can vary among disciplines, and often include BIPOC (Black people, Indigenous people (First Nations, Metis and Inuit), and people of colour), LGBTQIA2S+ people (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Queer and/or Questioning, Intersex, Asexual, Two-Spirit people, and any other ways in which individuals affirm their identites), women and gender-diverse people, and people with visible and invisible disabilities. Going further, we unequivocally dedicate ourselves to structural and systemic transformations of academic research, curricula, and pedagogy that value and practice equity, diversity, and inclusion.
